Migrate Database Management and Alias management pages from Cypher Manual to Operations Manual (#826)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/composite-databases/querying-composite-databases.adoc

Each constituent graph is named after the alias that introduces it into the Composite database.

[[composite-databases-queries-graph-set-up]]

> == Graph set-up

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/neo4j/docs-operations/assets/7591575/a500ed62-e29d-4f56-994d-48809b64ef68)
this feels like an odd order/hierarchy to me. It would feel more natural to me to have `Graph set-up` be the first one and then have `Graph selection` which would have all the subsections currently living under `Graph set-up`

The following set-up is required to recreate the below examples:

.Create a standard database `movies2022`
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE DATABASE movies2022
----

.Create a composite database `cineasts``
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE COMPOSITE DATABASE cineasts
----

.Create database alias `cineasts`.`latest` for a local database in a composite database
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE ALIAS `cineasts`.`latest`
  FOR DATABASE movies2022
----

.Create remote database alias `cineasts`.`upcoming` in a composite database
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE ALIAS `cineasts`.`upcoming`
  FOR DATABASE upcoming
  AT 'neo4j+s://other.dbms.com'
  USER $user
  PASSWORD $secretpassword
----

[[composite-databases-queries-single-graph]]

> === Query a single graph

Reviewer: 2 things for further down this page:

- [ ] Under `Limitations -> Graph accessing operations` it says `RETURN 1 + 2 AS number` is a graph accessing operation which I don't think it is. It should be updated to an actual graph accessing operation (so that there is still 2 examples)
- [ ] The `Cypher runtime` section says that `slotted` is the default runtime. I don't know if this is still correct or not. I assume someone in the composite team might know.

Author: For the runtime point - the default for EE is Pipelined, while it is Slotted for CE. There are other things to double check about this information (and a note to myself that this link will need to be updated when the new Runtimes chapter is available).
@JPryce-Aklundh

Each constituent graph is named after the alias that introduces it into the Composite database.

[[composite-databases-queries-graph-set-up]]
== Graph set-up

The following set-up is required to recreate the below examples:

.Create a standard database `movies2022`
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE DATABASE movies2022
----

.Create a composite database `cineasts``
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE COMPOSITE DATABASE cineasts
----

> .Create alias `cineasts`.`latest` on a composite database

Reviewer: I think we have tried to always call them `database aliases` in documentation (there might be some exceptions like referring to a recently specified database alias as just alias but in general at least), might be good to go through properly and confirm that it still holds and that this move has not broken that.

Might also be nice to mention that this alias is for a local database explicitly. And I think it might sound better to create the alias in the composite and not on the composite so as to not think you're making an alias for the composite?

```suggestion
.Create database alias `cineasts`.`latest` for a local database in a composite database
```
or
```suggestion
.Create local database alias `cineasts`.`latest` in a composite database
```

Author: Good suggestions (I think 'for a local database' is the most accurate?)

Reviewer: I think both are accurate as we do generally refer to database aliases for local databases as local database aliases but it might read better to say 'for a local database' in this case

[source, cypher]
----
CREATE ALIAS `cineasts`.`latest`
  FOR DATABASE movies2022
----

> .Create alias `cineasts`.`upcoming` for a remote database on a Composite database

Reviewer: same here
```suggestion
.Create database alias `cineasts`.`upcoming` for a remote database in a Composite database
```
or
```suggestion
.Create remote database alias `cineasts`.`upcoming` in a Composite database
```

----
CREATE ALIAS `cineasts`.`upcoming`
  FOR DATABASE upcoming
  AT 'neo4j+s://location:7687'
  USER neo4j
  PASSWORD 'password'
----

> 

Author: Have added.
